fix: error handling in `Provider` for when a node is offline (#3116)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: .changeset/hot-cats-happen.md

---
"@fuel-ts/account": patch
---

> - Fix middleware exception when making a request to an offline provider

Reviewer: Our changesets must follow the PR title. 🙂 

```suggestion
fix: error handling in `Provider` for when a node is offline
```

Author: I see, thank you!

Reviewer: It needs the `fix: ` prefix. 🙃 

```
fix: error handling in `Provider` for when a node is offline
```
